[Liqoctl] interaction schema (#2856)
liqotech/liqo: docs/installation/liqoctl.md

## Introduction

Liqoctl is the CLI tool to streamline the **installation** and **management** of Liqo.

Specifically, it abstracts the creation and modification of Liqo-defined custom resources, allowing to:

* **Install/uninstall** Liqo, wrapping the corresponding **Helm** commands and automatically retrieving the appropriate parameters based on the target cluster configuration.
* Establish and revoke **peering** relationships towards remote clusters.
* Enable and configure **workload offloading** on a per-namespace basis.
* Retrieve the **status** of Liqo, as well as of given peering relationships and offloading setups.

> Liqoctl interacts with the **Kubernetes API server**. This means that you do not need to install it on the cluster nodes, but only on the machine from which you want to manage Liqo (like you do with `kubectl` or `helm`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Liqoctl uses the REST interface to interact with the **Kubernetes API server**.
Hence, it can be executed on any host that has connectivity towards the Kubernetes API server.
In other words, liqoctl does not need to be installed on the cluster nodes, but only on the machine used to manage Liqo (like you do with `kubectl` or `helm`), which cannot even belong to any Kubernetes cluster.
```

![Peering architecture](/_static/images/installation/liqoctl/liqoctl.drawio.svg)

```{warning}

> Make sure to always **use the *liqoctl* version matching that of Liqo** installed (or to be installed) in your cluster(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to always **use the *liqoctl* version matching the one of Liqo** installed (or to be installed) in your cluster(s).
```
